Well, good evening, family. Thank you for
joining me again tonight. Did you
all watch President Trump? We were
watching President Trump, or I would have
been on a little earlier. I
wanted to hear what he had to say. And
as we all expected, a lot of voter fraud
in 2020. And so, you know, all the
fact checkers that were there and all
the stuff that happened all during that
time frame and Facebook always fact-check, fact-check.
So, I guess it's true,
you know, for what he says that
they're releasing on whitehouse.gov.
They're releasing the information
about the voter fraud and China
interfering with our elections and so
on and so on and so on. Major things in
Michigan, he said. I was hoping he would
say Minnesota because we've been praying
over Minnesota and over Atlanta
because of the voter fraud that I've
seen, and then I've seen it in
Arizona when Kari Lake was
running and trying to win her area. I
saw a lot of fraud there and in Nevada,
and of course we know in California. But
there's a lot of information that he
said that they had that when Obama had
bags of information they were trying
to burn and they didn't burn it, and
there was all kinds
of stuff he said in that. So I, you know,
go watch it. I think it's interesting
where we are with 'Too Big to Rig.'I
believe in 2024
it was too big to rig where they tried,
but there's just too many people that
voted for Trump.
And then where will we be in the next
three months? And that's where we are
praying for key states concerning
Florida, concerning Georgia,
concerning—I
mean, go on and on and on. We can pray
all night about those. But I
just think it's interesting because
it's what I'm getting in the spirit,
especially concerning Georgia and
whenever he brought up even in articles
saying that Georgia had a lot of voter
fraud and things and about the two
Senate seats. And so we have work to
do. You know, and just continue to pray
for the Save America Act to pass and
that they would do this, but not only
Save America, but the Clarity Act
for the finances, for crypto,
for all the things that need to be
passed. And so, I guess Braden has
some things tonight for you that
he found on the news that he said
that he thinks that you all would think
was entertaining for this little bit
of time. And so then we'll go and we'll
pray. But I want to say this. I forgot
about this last time. Not last
time, but the time before and then I
took two days off.
Deep calls unto deep.
And I heard in the spirit deep water out
in the ocean. There's going to be the
waves roaring. But it was something in
the depth of the earth in the ocean. As
we were praying, I could hear the
groaning of the earth, but it
sounded like a roar. And the
Lord said, 'This is coming. This is
coming. It will be a sign.'Not
whenever you hear waves coming
that are massive waves and it sounds
like, you know, when you hear a hurricane,
and this was something that was in the
depth of the water, deep in the water, and
it was so loud that you could
hear it on the beach from
way out in the deep. And I saw volcanoes
going off, but I saw the earth in travail
as labor pains upon a woman. And so I
think it's interesting as I was seeing
that, a major
noise is what I was hearing in the Atlantic
and the Pacific, deep water, deep calls
unto deep. And
the Lord brought it up to me again
today to be watchful—you're going to see
this. You're going to hear
about it. It's going to be in the news
soon. You're going to hear about noises.
You know, whenever everybody's talking
about the sounds, it sounds like HAARP or
whatever and there was like a horn
blast in the sky and people were
freaking out filming it and you don't
know if it's real or if it's not. This
is going to be in the water, and it's
something about the deep water.
And so I wanted to remind you of
it. I just felt it was important. The
other part is still what the Lord was
showing us last night. Praying for Iraq,
praying for the wealth
transfer, praying for a new Iraqi
blessing of oil wealth and
all the things that are happening over
there. Praying for the Iraqi people.
Praying for the liberation of
Iran, for the underground church to have
a major move of God. As I saw that,
Iran was taking their hands off of Iraq
and dabbling in their affairs and their
politics. There was a
principality that had a hold of Iraq. I
saw a pipeline being built. I saw oil
wealth coming up out of the ground. I
saw stability, but I heard much
corruption still. But then I saw Iran
going back to the Stone Age. And I
want to remind you, it wasn't all of
Iran. It was only parts of Iran.
The
infrastructure was really damaged by
Israel and America, but it wasn't just
America and Israel anymore. It was other
Arab nations. And the
Lord said an unstable Iran is dangerous
to the whole area.
So I saw Saudi Arabia and
Kuwait and all these other people
joining up to have a coalition of
troops on the ground, that it wouldn't
just be air strikes anymore, that I
saw actually boots on the ground and
freedom fighters
rising up in their own
communities, people that would try to
arm themselves and to come against the
tyrant government in the days ahead.
So, we'll continue to pray.
More than ever, we need a
revival in Iran. We need a revival in
Cuba. We need a revival. And so,
President Trump has said he's going to
research the drones. Now, isn't that
interesting? The Lord revealed to us
that there were drones given to them by
Iran. And now they're talking about it
in the news. And so we're praying
over that. Now, this was
interesting to me today.
This happened back in January. And I
want to play this video for you of what
the Lord showed us about South Korea and
China influencing the elections
of South Korea to bring about a
communistic dragon over South
Korea. Is this what we're watching?
Yeah, I believe so.
Okay. So, go ahead and play this
because this is where we are.
As I saw, I was looking into South Korea
and the Lord said it will even be
challenging in the days concerning South
Korea and a communist dragon will try
to grab onto South Korea. But because
there's more prayer root there,
it will be held back.
As long as my people in South Korea
intercede and pray,
it will hold back the communism off of
their nation.
As long as they humble themselves and
pray. As long as they turn from their
wicked ways and humble themselves, he
said, 'Brandon, I will have a hedge of
My protection over South Korea.'I
saw it trying to infiltrate. It was Chinese-looking.
It looked like a snake,
a dragon coming out of China into North
Korea trying to come over into—and it
was a spirit.
It
was a bad way of thinking through their
government and their politics.
And he said it's trying to get a
stronghold through
their leaders.
They don't have the right leaders. Pray
for their leaders.
It's an infiltration from China coming
in through North Korea. It's a spirit
that's trying to hook them,
but they will be a major pillar in the end-time
church.
Revival will go out from there
if they pray.
But I saw Taiwan like with this
golden dome
on all sides if the people will pray. If
they don't, they'll fall within three
days.
Three days.
I saw they'll fight for one. I saw
they'll fight into two. But by the end
of the second day, it will completely
fold. I saw the Chinese government using
weapons that have never been used
before, similar to what America did to
Venezuela. They have the same
capabilities of technological weaponry,
maybe even better in some ways.
Not every way—I believe still America's
top—but
there were things that China had that
even America didn't have,
secret things,
and they would use them as a flex
because these people had artillery and
things to fight, but it was no match
to what China would try to do. It fell
in three days. It was like that.
So, last night at a church—I'm
not exactly sure which church—but my
mother-in-law sent this to my wife today
and said, "You need to see this."What
you're about to see is a man who
is a preacher,
Pastor Hyun-Bo Son. I don't even know how to say
it;
I'm not even going to try.
But he lives in South Korea, and I want
you to hear his testimony. He said this
last night at church, and I want you to
hear his testimony about what's
happening in South Korea right now that
goes along with this word that I gave
back in January and what they're
going through. So go ahead.
I'm Pastor Hyun-Bo Son from South Korea. My
oldest son, Young, and my wife, Young-ri, are here.
I'm very grateful to your congregation
and Pastor Jack Hibbs. As I was
imprisoned last December, Pastor Jack Hibbs
and the congregation here brought Young and
myself up to the stage and you
guys prayed for us. Just before we got
here, we were
spending time with Reverend Joseph Bondarenko,
a pastor who was
locked up in a Soviet
Union gulag underground prison for
nearly 10 years. It seems like the Soviet
Union and everything was a long
time ago, but it's actually happening in
South Korea right now. Just like how you
guys fought to worship during COVID, Segero Church—our church—was
the
only mega-church that fought to worship,
and it was closed down. Segero Church,
for a fact, is almost twice the size—I
mean, it's a big church—but
it's twice the size of others in Korea. And
the government was telling all churches
to only hold five worshippers in such a
big sanctuary. I said to the
government that we are not an
elephant circus where we
are just told what to do, and I decided
to reject that. All media came to our
church and denounced us. The government
literally wrapped a rope around the
church and shut it down, and we
decided to worship even outside during
freezing cold times. Numerous
police officers and prosecutors came to
our church. However, we decided to
worship until the last day. If we are the ones
who just give up on freedom of
religion and worship, no one will
protect it, and we'll just let it go.
Christians and the congregation members
are the ones who have to protect the
freedom of religion. COVID did end;
however, I had to go through 40
hearings. The reason why he keeps
cutting out like that is because we edit out his translation into
South
Korean for the people there.
This is a translator standing next to
him. He's speaking in English and it is being translated.
We cut
out the translation in South Korean so
it wouldn't be choppy. It is still choppy,
but it's saving time.
So I just wanted to let you know. Go
ahead.
The end. However, I had to go through 40
hearings until just two months ago for
six years. It would be just like one day
I would go to the police office to get
investigated, the next day going to a
prosecution's
office, and the next day going to the
courthouse to go through a hearing.
The Democratic Party has won the
election and they have
proposed and are trying to pass the
LGBT law in Korea. The current regime, which
promotes communism, is also
proposing a law to shut down the church.
Whichever church they don't like—or
just like what my father
said, or whatever a pastor says that they
don't like—they would shut it down and
transfer all the assets and properties
to the government. They're also
trying to shut down alternative
schools that are teaching biblical
values. I criticized the current
government for trying to pass this law,
and for the Democratic Party heavily proposing this law in
the
National Assembly, and I was indicted on
12 charges. The cell where I was imprisoned
was a single confinement with a width of
less than three feet. There is no
chair, no mattress like in the US;
there are only bugs. However, in my
heart, sincerely and genuinely, I was so
grateful and I was happy. Being able to
be persecuted to glorify God and to
protect freedom of worship and freedom
of religion is something that I always
dreamed about.
Freedom of religion is not
something that we just got for free.
Someone has fought for it
and someone has
won to gain that freedom.
I was so comforted when I heard the
news that the Chino Hills congregation
and Pastor Jack Hibbs had my son, Young,
up to the stage and were praying for
our church and me. In January, I
was released because I was sentenced to six
months, and that was the time when I
was already in prison for five months.
However, I'm on probation for a year. So
I don't know when I will be
going back to jail. The South
Korean government is taking so many
angles to attack me, my family, and the Segero
Church. However, I'm not worried
about that and not concerned at all. Look at once-free
Hong Kong and how it was taken
over by communism. Now consider South
Korea, where pastors can't even
criticize the government for anti-biblical
policies and laws. This is the reality.
Numerous people said nothing
like this could happen in South Korea.
We are given freedom of religion,
freedom to worship, and freedom in general.
However, we shouldn't take this for
granted. Just like how South Korea lost its
freedom, it can come to your door in
the US. Satan is basically
trying to use power to imprison
pastors and to shut down and silence anyone
that criticizes any policy or legislation
that God doesn't like.
Just because we are comfortable right
now, just laying down watching TV, it's
not going to help at all to protect our
freedom. We are in a time of freedom
and prosperity, thankfully, thanks
to God. However, we shouldn't stay the
same as we are right now. We have to
have a fresh heart. We have to look back
to our hearts and ask ourselves what we
should do right now and what could be
coming up in the near future.
A lot of people keep
silent whenever
freedom is getting attacked. But
whenever there's someone—starting from
one person—that fights for freedom, just
like Joshua fought for freedom, there
will be freedom that is God-given. And I
really wish and pray that Calvary
Church Chino Hills and Segero Church,
all of us fighting
for freedom of religion and also freedom in
general, will make God happy and
it will be preserved. Even if I go
back to Korea, I'll keep fighting
against the government that is always
trying to legislate anti-biblical
policies and laws. I will
keep fighting and I will keep praying
that I continue doing so. Please keep
praying for us and keep fighting
alongside us as we are brothers and sisters
in Christ. Thank you so much.
Thank you.
It touched my heart when
he was talking about how he
was blessed to suffer for Jesus in
prison in a three-foot cell with no
chair, nothing but a bunch of
roaches and bugs. I
thought, man, how spoiled some of us
are. I took it as a prompt to
examine myself when I hear about the
persecution of others and what they go
through. We know the people in North
Korea and those concentration camps—the
torture and
the slave labor camps
they go through when they're found out to be Christians—it
is just
horrendous
beyond words.
But my heart is to pray
for the Asians.
My heart is for our Asian channel;
there's so many of you that are watching
this right now because I'm talking
to my translator, Braden, who will
translate this. I just want to tell
you, we're praying for you. We're going
to be interceding for you. This blessed
me. I don't know who this man is, but
I'm sure a lot of you who watch
on our South Korean channel do.
I know that revival is coming
to South Korea. And I believe with all
my heart that a major move of God is
going to shake the nations and that
there will be an end-time Azusa Street in
Asia, in South Korea; the
waves of revival will go into China, will
go into the Philippines, will go into
Taiwan, to Japan, and a shaking to awaken. If you remember, you watched that video,
I saw
the
old well of revival—that the stagnant
pool of water became not stagnant
anymore. And the well started to spring
forth new water. And it was no longer a
stagnant pool, but a fresh
oasis for people to drink out of. And I
saw South Korea turn into a major pool
of revival.
And I saw—and this is what goes back to
that on the 11th—if the Lord says,
'If the people pray and come
against us,'it's a spirit. We wrestle
not against flesh and blood. And we know
that the devil is influencing it through
a dragon. I said it's a dragon
that is coming through communistic China,
through North Korea with a dragon. And
it stemmed like a tail of a snake
that went out of it and went into North
Korea and was influencing Kim Jong-un,
and now it's influencing your politics.
But I believe if the church arises and
prays, we can change this just like the
Lord was saying, and it will happen the
same with Taiwan. If the people of
Taiwan don't pray, I saw that whole
nation falling in three days. But as we
kept praying—this is back in January—as
we prayed back in July, I saw the
Lord say, 'I
will not allow them to be taken
over until the Tribulation.'And
then in the Tribulation, I saw them falling
to China. But as we
pray, we were buying more time.
And it was a wall of defense, that
Golden Dome. So, I thought that was
interesting, and I wanted to show it to
you. I believe tonight part of
our prayer time will be praying for
South Korea for a major move of God and
for this young man to keep strong.
He said he's on
probation. He's expecting them to
throw him back into jail, and so it's
very hard. His church sounds like
it's a pretty good-sized church there in
South Korea. All right.
Anything else, son? Not much, no.
So, a pretty slow news day.
There's a lot of people talking
about the Clarity Act. There's a lot of
people talking about Iran blowing up the
bridges. There's tankers exploding.
There's all kinds of craziness in Iran.
And they blew up the bridge today, and
so on and so on. So,
you know, it's usually always on the
weekends that things seem to really
escalate over there. Tomorrow's Friday.
And then Braden thought this was—oh,
look. Listen to Karoline. She's back.
Thank God. We missed her. I really
think she's the best press secretary
we've ever had. Go ahead.
Oh, yeah. This is just the
reporter's question.
Go ahead. Okay, JD Vance
had an interview on Joe Rogan, and a lot
of people are tagging me in it on X and
saying, 'Brandon, did you see what JD
Vance did? It's already happening.'What did
you say? 'He's turning on Trump about the
Epstein list, about things.'And I saw
that by midterms, going into 2027 and 2028,
he would break off and try to do
his own thing, and he would be—I
said he's two-faced. I saw him as a
fish swimming in the White House,
and an Ivy League education. There have
been a lot of words that I've said about
JD Vance, and I said I saw Marco Rubio
rise up. And I believe God
has put his hand on Marco Rubio, not on
JD Vance. But we'll see JD Vance become
very outspoken in the days ahead. But
go ahead and listen to
Karoline.
As far as I'm concerned, it's just a
waste of time dealing with them. They're
liars. There's something wrong with
them. They are cuckoo. They are scum,
sick people, vicious, violent people.
And then Vice President Vance went on
Joe Rogan last night and he said, 'I'm
very frustrated by the Americans and
frankly by people in other countries who
say you cannot negotiate with the Iranians.'So
your response to these
contradictions, because I think you can
understand how that's confusing for
Americans with this mixed messaging. And
then second question for you—and you
respond.
Yeah, go and respond.
A point of condition in
continuing these conversations with the
country as well as political prisoners.
I wanted to hear your response to it.
'In a tremendous way over the course of
the last year and a half, Americans from
all over the world have returned home
thanks to this president and the efforts
of his national security team. To your
first question about the comments
between the president and the vice
president, respectfully, I do think
you're taking comments from different
times throughout this conflict and kind
of asking me if these are
contradictory of each other. I can tell
you the president and vice president are on
the exact same page about where we are
right now in this conflict. And the
fact that you do see elements of
what's remaining in the Iranian regime
that are more willing to make a deal and
then other elements who are not so
willing to make a deal shows that
Operation Epic Fury was incredibly
effective because we neutered their
ability to communicate with one another.
And they are a fragmented system.
They are not the once very strong,
powerful terrorist state that they were
before this operation, which was one of
the ultimate goals. So, we'll continue
to work through the process and as I
said, the president will hold them
accountable when they turn their back
on the words that they state to the
United States, but he is always open
to diplomacy at the very same time.'Well,
her answer was probably pretty
diplomatic.
She's never going to go against either
one.
It's interesting. All right, keep going.
Yeah. He met with Keir Starmer again and
then—oh
God, I thought he quit.
I know. I thought... and he met up with the
Turkey guy.
He met with Turkey.
Yeah.
I think is it for me?
I don't know.
Yeah, for me.
He turned into a cobra last night. When
I was praying, I could see him talking
to Macron, and all of a sudden he
turned into a cobra and he went and
started slithering down. And
I thought that was interesting because every
single time I've seen him as a black
widow, and then last night he turned into
a snake.
And Macron turned into a green-looking
spider with a huge back end,
and I thought that was very strange.
So, we'll continue to pray for things
tonight. But you know, I'm just
praying for... the Lord said a
'Hail Mary'play for President Trump to
push all, to help, to believe the
Lord right now, to believe for what seems
to be impossible, to believe for the
Clarity Act, the Save America Act, to
push all these bills through so that we
have a major turnout for the midterm,
that people will be enthusiastic about
America. Be excited. And there's a lot
of people say, 'Well, I thought
it was funny because he said his poll
numbers were 65 and everything and that
it was the highest it's been.'I
don't know if that's true
or not. I'm not going to dishonor
President Trump and say I believe he's
fabricating that. It could be
legitimate. The poll numbers that
we see probably are not legitimate
coming from the media. You know, who
do you believe? So, you just know in
your heart, I'm praying for the man. And
that's where I'm at. I stand in this. I
don't really care about poll numbers
or whatever Fox News says.
And it's the lowest it's ever
been for him—you hear all this stuff—and
then he says it's 65 and all
this other stuff. And I thought, well,
that's interesting. But you know,
what does it really matter? I mean, I
guess it doesn't, other than we need to
pray for our nation and pray for it to
continue to stand for us to win
midterms and that the voter fraud is
caught like he talked about tonight and
that we have a fair election. Let's
see where the real heart of America is.
That's what I want to see. Where is it
really up north? Where are the others
than what they put on TV and social
media, what they try to feed us
through their death scrolls? You
know, what's real and what's false. What
is the real heartbeat
of America as a whole?
And really see it without any
kind of voter fraud. Go ahead.
Anything else?
Not
that. Okay. And then
Braden thought this was funny.
Marco Rubio has to have a gas mask when
he goes into the meetings with Chuck
Schumer now after yesterday. You
remember yesterday Braden thought it was
funny. He wanted you to laugh.
Marco Rubio is wearing a gas mask next
to Schumer because Schumer has a
problem. So they asked him about it.
Rubio,
don't go to a meeting with Schumer
without a gas mask.
You're such a funny kid. You've
gotta wear your gas
mask. What is that?
I don't know.
This is in Iran.
What is that blood all over him? What is
he doing? What are they doing?
I don't know.
Is that Bibi?
Yeah.
You will drown in the sea of the Iranian
nation's revenge.
Okay.
They're just so weird.
It almost looks like blood, doesn't
it?
All right. So, is that it?
Yeah. In Iraq, they
said 10 million.
Remember Iraq?
So they will give $10 million
to anyone who kills President Trump. So
Iraq, the one we brought here and were
excited about, their people are being
like Iran.
Well, we continue to pray for our
President. $10 million reward and all,
it isn't going to stand. And I believe
with all my heart that he's
going to be protected. His kids are
going to be protected, the
Supreme Court judges. Oh, and the Lord
showed me Amy
Coney
Barrett...
sorry y'all,
Coney.
I saw an attack against her mind
and she became... I don't want
to say a schizophrenic, but in the vision
I saw last night when we were praying
over the Supreme Court judges, a spirit of paranoia...
it was a demonic spirit because
of some doors that she's opened. I saw a
spirit of paranoia coming on her, that
she was paranoid and she kept looking. In
the vision I saw her, she was looking out
the blinds
thinking that people were always
trying to hurt her, and
then I saw this escalate to the point
where people started to notice that
she was always talking about it. Her
mind was being affected that she didn't
sleep right. So she was paranoid. It
affected her marriage and I saw her
husband taking the kids and saying, 'You've
got to get some help,'and
he wanted a divorce. And in the vision,
the Lord showed me a spirit of paranoia
coming on this woman that she was
paranoid all the time. Like paranoid
driving, like her mind wasn't
functioning. She was so scared. A spirit
of fear was trying to grip her of how to
live a normal life. And so I
thought it was interesting as we were
praying for the Supreme Court judges
last night, I saw a spirit of paranoia.
Doors opened. So,
was that pretty short tonight?
Yeah. He saw a tree attached with
roots to a ball.
Yes, I saw a tree, but it was
roots of the tree that were uprooted and
latched onto a ball that looked like a
sun. And the roots wrapped around
the ball and grabbed a hold of the ball
that looked like a sun, like a ball of
light, a
sphere of light that had
roots that were attached. It kind
of looked evil to me, but I was trying
to think, you know, as the light was
shining on these roots, it was making
them glow.
So,
last night I went over a lot of things,
just in my past and
talking about how to anoint your
house with oil. So, if you want to...
there's a lot of you tell me,
'Brandon, I'm tormented by demonic
spirits. I can't sleep well at night.
I've got things going on and I hear
bumps in the night, things
knocking on my wall.'Everyone,
I have all kinds of emails from
people all around the world,
Africa, all around. People are wanting
to know how do you combat this
because we're not taught at church. Will
you tell us how do you make those devils
leave us alone in our sleep and
everything? And I was telling you, it doesn't
have to be oil like
this. I got this from Amazon and it
doesn't have to be somebody that's
prayed over it. It's faith.
You add your faith to it and you believe
that you receive the protection of the
Lord Jesus. But as you plead the blood
of Jesus over your house and you anoint
your windows with oil and your doors, and
some people say your water spigots
because water marine spirits
travel through water spigots, which I think is
interesting, but anoint your house
with oil. Anoint your bed with oil and
anything that is demonic in your home.
Tell it to get out, and where the blood
is applied, Satan cannot cross. Keep applying
the blood just like the children
of Israel did whenever it came down to
the death angel. The Lord
instructed them to put the blood of the
lamb upon their doorposts
and to take communion,
the feast of the unleavened bread, I
believe it was, for Passover.
Anoint your house with oil is what I'm
trying to tell you. And when you do
this, I believe there's power in the
blood of Jesus. Anoint your kids with
oil. Anoint your children with oil.
Anoint your husband, your wife with
oil. And where the blood is applied,
Satan doesn't cross. You need to
understand there's power in the blood of
Jesus. And the blood of Jesus has never
lost its power. It's still healing the
sick, raising the dead, casting out
devils. Just like it did 2,000 years ago
when Jesus was walking the earth, he's
still doing it through you and me.
Be ye
imitators of God, as dear children
imitate their father. So if
your kids imitate you, imitate our
heavenly father. And I'm telling you, as
he is, so are we in this world. And we
don't have to be afraid of devils in the
night. You don't have to be tormented by
witchcraft. You don't have to be
tormented by satanic stuff because we
have the power of the blood of Jesus.
And where the blood is applied, Satan
cannot cross it. I believe that. And if
you have faith in the blood of Jesus, if
you have faith as a grain of a mustard
seed, you can say to the mountain, 'Be
thou removed.'Don't doubt and say,
'Well, that doesn't ever work
for me.'Well, you have what you say. I
believe I receive protection from my
angels. I believe I receive divine
healing in my body.
Well, you're still believing for that.
Yeah. When all else to do is stand
therefore, I'm going to keep standing
all the way until I go home to be with
him. And when I get on the other side,
I'm going to say I got my glorified
body. Glory to God. I'm healed and
whole. Even if the manifestation
didn't happen on this earth, I'm still
going to believe it. I'm a believing
believer, not a doubter. I'm an
overcomer.
Even on the other side, I've got the
victory. So, always know that we're on
the victory side. We're not on the
victim side. You're not a victim.
You're a victor. We are
overcomers by the blood of the
Lamb and by the word of our testimony.
And I believe our testimony is great. I
was once lost, but now I'm found. I was
blind, but now I see. And he saved a
wretch like me. And he saved a wretch
like you.
Isn't Jesus wonderful that he didn't
leave us defenseless? He gave us power
and authority to tread on serpents and
scorpions and nothing shall by any means
hurt us. Either you believe it or you
don't.
And I'm a believing believer and I'm not
a doubter and I'm an overcomer.
So, that's what we keep saying when all we
see are the things
going on around us—all the weather
events down in San Antonio this
week. There were 28 inches of rain in a
matter of 10 hours, and
they're saying catastrophic flooding.
I believe we have power and authority
over the weather. We pray over the
weather.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that there's
peace over the weather in San
Antonio tonight. All that rain, and
the fires in Canada—big fires in Canada—and across
just about 2,000
miles plus, there's major flooding.
The Lord told us we would see all
these major weather events. There'll be
major drought in some areas, and I saw
arson taking place—major arson events
trying to take place in
Colorado, if anybody remembers. I
saw them setting fires on purpose.
I wonder if that's what's going on in
Canada right now. I saw arson,
and there are major fires going on in
Canada right now. So, Father, we thank
You for the rain over Canada.
You see all those fires? They go way up
there.
It's interesting; they're not in
populated areas, are they? So,
yeah, it goes way up, I guess—way up there, all the
way up to
the Arctic almost,
the North Pole,
right?
All right. Let's go ahead and
pray and believe God for all
the things that you're believing for.
But I'm standing with you. I'll be here,
too. I just want you to know I
believe with all my heart. I know,
like I told you all last
night, I know what it was
like when things would bump around
in the night and pictures would
slam around and things would happen,
and you're afraid and you pull the
covers over your head because you're
going, 'Oh God, I've got this going on.'But
you don't understand the power and
authority of the believer. You don't
have to walk around with that.
Those are low-level
devils.
You just tell them, 'Get out of here.
I'm not going to live
with your torment in my house.'But
you don't open a door to the devil and
say, 'Come on, Mr. Devil.'You come into
my house by watching bad movies—Jason
and Friday the 13th and things like
that. You don't watch that stuff.
You're inviting the devils to come into
your house. You don't play with Ouija
boards and tarot cards and demonic
things. You are inviting those demonic
spirits into your house watching Harry
Potter and things like that. Don't allow
that trash in your house. If you want
the devil to stay out of your house, you've
got to put up the blood and say, 'As
for me and my house, we're not going to
go down this road and be dumb.'I'm just
being real with you. That's dumb. Don't
play with fire and don't expect to
get burned. And if you're watching trash—I
didn't realize how
many of you all said, 'We watch horror
films all the time. What's wrong with
Harry Potter, Brandon?'I was
shocked.
I
couldn't relate. I was just like, 'Hold
on a minute.
Are you being serious? Are you
messing with me?'I
blame the church. I do.
A lot of you all are babies and you have
no idea.
You're just getting your feet wet
with Christianity, and I'm telling
you, if you give the devil an inch,
he'll take a mile. And
it's with all kinds of things. It's like
saying, 'Well,
is it wrong for husbands
and wives to watch porn together?'No,
you don't do that. No, you
don't have an open marriage.
Some of the questions: 'Well, can we have
a baby outside of wedlock? My
boyfriend and I live together. Will you
pray for us to have a child?'No, I'm
not going to agree with you for that because
that's against the Word. I'm not
going to go against the Word. The Bible
says to keep it clean, get married, put
a ring on it, and then I'll agree with
you to have a baby. But I'm not going to
agree with you to have a baby whenever
you're not married and
y'all are living together. 'Well, we're
common law.'Well, if you're common law,
then put a ring on it. Have a
ceremony. Keep it holy.
I'm not trying to be rude
because you've not been taught, but you
need to know that's against the Word of
God. And if you want blessing on
your life, you've got to line up with what
the Word of God tells you to do. You
don't play around with Ouija boards,
you don't play around with tarot cards,
you don't watch horror films, and you
don't talk to spirits and think, 'Well,
it's just my cousin.'It's not your cousin; it's
a familiar spirit. The Bible says to be
absent from the body is to be present
with the Lord. There is no in-between.
There's no 'you're just hanging out until
I feel comfortable and then I'm
going to go over there'and you're
talking to your cousin. No, you're
talking to a demon. Either
they are with Jesus or they're in hell.
There is no in-between. They're not
there talking to you and being a friend
to you. 'I feel goosebumps and cold chills.'No,
that's a demon.
'I smell something; it smells like
Grandpa used to smell.'No, that's a
demon.
Grandpa's not visiting you. Your daddy's
not visiting you. Your mama's not
visiting you. That's not biblical. It's
not even in the Word. You're
talking to
a devil.
And if you're entertaining a devil, it
will possess your mind and mess with you
if you keep opening the door to it. Do
not entertain the devil.
Submit yourself therefore
unto God. Resist the devil and he will
flee. It's time for you to tell him,
'Get out of here, sucker; we're not
having that in here.'And people say, 'Brandon, you're
always saying, "Don't take
the poo-poo package."'That's a big poo-poo package. He's
taking a big dump and
putting it on your front porch and
saying, 'Will you let me in your house?'And
you're going, 'Yeah, it's Cousin Al;
it's my grandfather; he's in here
talking to me.'No, it's a devil.
Don't allow it in your house.
Tell him to go. 'Well, I'll miss him.'You're
entertaining
demonic spirits.
So, I just want you to know that.
You need to know this. Anoint
your house with oil. It doesn't have to be this—get
olive oil. And no disrespect—I
mean, if that's all you have, you get
some olive oil or some virgin olive
oil. Pray over it: 'Father, I thank You.
This represents the blood of Jesus.'I
put this in a little dish, and I thank
You, Lord. I bless this oil in the name
of Jesus. Do it just like that: 'Father,
I thank You, Lord, that this represents
Your blood. This represents You, and I
put You on the doorpost of my house. And
as for me and my house, we're going to
serve You. We denounce word curses. We
denounce witchcraft. We denounce
things of the occult. We denounce
satanic practice of all kinds. We're
not going to have that in my house. We
are sold out to You. We'll not have any
other gods before You, and we repent for
opening this
door.'Repent.
Turn from your wicked ways.
Oh God, I repent for this. And I thank
You, Lord, that as of today and this day
forward, I apply the blood
of Jesus over my house in the name of
Jesus. And where the blood is applied,
you can't be here anymore, Satan, so get
on out of here.
And that's what you do. Open the door
and say, 'Get on out.'Angels, you help
them; get them on out. 'Well, they didn't leave
the first time.'Well, sometimes
when you have a stronghold in an area,
you keep standing.
Sometimes you need a fast. Some of this kind
come out by prayer and fasting. Pray
and fast. If you've got a stronghold
and you've been doing some real heavy
witchcraft and you've been doing stuff,
stand.
They're going to challenge you,
especially if you've been having it in
there for a while, being friends with
it, especially you worshiping things and
doing bad things, sacrificing. I
remember one girl said, 'I killed so
many cats—had litters of kitties—and killed
them and drank their blood and did things.'My
God,
you think that gives you power? You're
doing some demonic stuff.
I want so badly for the church to
teach
that He came to set the captives free.
And you don't have to be bound by a
devil. You don't have to walk in fear.
You don't have to be walking in
poverty.
You don't have to have sickness in your
body. Jesus paid the price for you to
walk in victory over it all. And it's
for you to have sound sleep, for you to
have a good marriage, for your kids to
be raised up in a God-fearing home, to
be able to say, "Dad, I love you and
thank you for taking me to
church."Honor
in the home.
We represent the King of Kings and
the Lord of Lords. We're His ambassadors,
and He lives on the inside of us. We
have godly marriages where we pray
together. Well, I don't have that. Well,
believe God for it. Well, my husband doesn't
love the Lord; he doesn't want to...
believe God for it.
Well, my wife, she's doing this now—I
believe God for
it. Call those things that be not as
though they were.
I believe I receive a God-fearing woman.
I believe I receive a woman that prays.
She's going to pray every day. She's
going to help me out around the house,
praying. I believe I receive a woman
that prays over my children. You've
got to speak it out of your mouth. And
vice versa;
don't be nagging.
You're not going to get anywhere
nagging somebody.
Walk in love. Love never fails. Take
love; love takes no
account of a suffered wrong. Well, he
treats me bad, she treats me bad—unless
he's cheating on you or beating you.
Now, if he's beating you, I'd get out;
I'm out of here. Nobody needs to put up
with any abuse, especially physical.
Somebody just knocking the poo out of you—that's
not God for anybody to just
let their husband just beat them up.
Say, "Well, I'm believing God he's
going to change as he's trying to kill me."That's
not God. And there isn't anything
in the Bible
telling you to stick around a man trying
to kill you or a woman trying to kill
you.
That's not right. And if they're
committing adultery against you, you
have a legal right also to divorce
them. You don't have to stick around somebody
being unfaithful.
But if you feel led to and you feel that
you want to work it out and try to make
it, that's a different thing.
But there's legal
things that you can deal with.
But never have somebody ever beating on
you and hurting you and feel like
you're going to lose your life;
that's not God.
Never.
So I want you to know there are
biblical things you can do to
keep your house covered and that you
don't have to be tormented in the night.
You don't have to be bound with poverty.
Give and it shall be given unto you: good
measure, pressed down, shaken together,
and running over. It's all about seeds.
You kill poverty with a financial
seed. And people get all mad about it.
Well, I don't want to hear about that.
Well, it's biblical law.
If you give, it shall be given unto you:
good measure, pressed down, shaken
together, and running over. Diana and I,
I'm telling you, we didn't believe in
tithing at all. I was so
annoyed. I was a tipper; I liked to tip. I'd
give $5 here, $5 there. Well, I
did something, boy! But whenever I was
forced to tithe at my job and they told
me, "If you don't tithe here,
you're fired,"when
I got the revelation of tithing
by force, I saw over the course of time that
God loves a cheerful giver. God
loves a heart that is a cheerful giver—a
merry heart, not a grudging
heart, a heart that is
willing. The willing and obedient will
eat the good of the land. I started
meditating on it. I started going,
"Well, if I'm forced to, I might as well
have a good attitude about it."And
after a while, God started
showing Himself faithful. God started
showing Himself more faithful because I
became faithful. And I started—I
couldn't wait to tithe. I
couldn't wait to give to the kingdom of
God. And I started blessing that as
the head of my house, even if I didn't
have it to pay my bills. Oh God, I thank
You. I release this to Your
kingdom. And I thank You, Lord, that
they'll be good stewards
over it and they'll stretch
this as far as they can. I don't have any
control over it once it leaves my hand,
but I ask You, Father, to help the
people that I'm giving it to have
integrity,
that they'll use this money for Your
kingdom and not be dumb.
There's things that I would pray, and
always after
I released it, that's where it was. I
said, "It's not my problem anymore. I
gave it to You, Lord. I blessed You,
Lord. Now, I thank You, Lord, that You
blessed me hundredfold.
I release it."My
heart was right.
I don't know where they are,
but I believe my heart's right before
You. And I'm doing what Your
Bible told me to do, and I'm in this
church and I'm doing this and I'm doing
that. I'm asking You, Father, to bless
the seed.
And I did that for, what was it, 15 years?
A
long time. But now it's just routine; it's
become
a way of life.
So I don't know who all that was for,
but I just felt you needed to hear it
again.
You don't have to be tormented with fear
in your house. You don't have to have a
bad marriage. You don't have to have
rebellious kids. Well, they have ADHD;
they have this, they have that.
I've got all that and I'm just
accepting it? I'm not going to accept
it. They try to tell me my child's
autistic. I don't accept it. I know
what the doctor told me. And they
said, "Megan will never be this and that."Well,
I'm not going to receive
what they say. I honor what
your position of authority is, but I
came here... I
appreciate your opinion, but I've got a
higher opinion. He said, "By My stripes,
she's healed."And I believe that Megan's
going to talk. I believe that Megan's
going to have a normal life.
They told me, they said she's
never going to talk. They said she's
never going to be potty trained. Well,
they were wrong on that. Went to a Billy
Burke meeting. Power of God hit her. We
were at Tulsa, went down
there, power of
God hit her. I touched her and she's
potty trained. They said she'd never
be potty trained. They said she would
never have a normal cycle and she would
always play in her menstrual blood. They
told me that she would never come out of
certain things. But I'm telling you, all
things are possible to him who believes.
And they try to tell me she'll always
live with me, she'll never have a normal
life, she'll never talk. That's one
thing I know for a fact, Brandon—she's
never going to talk, as said by
therapists.
"Oh, you know,
Brandon, I'm glad you have high hopes.
I'm glad you have that. That
is so encouraging.
You could really help some of these
other moms and dads out there."They
don't know who my God is.
And I don't know how long this journey
is going to last, but I'm in it to win
it. I'm not going to sit back idly by
and allow the devil to keep robbing my
child. I stand when all there is else to
do is stand. Stand therefore. I keep
believing it. And I'm a believer and I'm
not a doubter.
And we believe it, and we're
fully persuaded that what God has
promised, He's able also to perform it.
Even in the midst of when it seems
hopeless.
When she had a hard day yesterday and I
was late coming on—I
don't go into the details of why, but
that's why I said I didn't feel like
doing a video yesterday. You didn't
understand that, but then I got in
trouble. The Lord said, "Bren, I don't
want you saying that. You've got to watch
what you say."People don't understand.
I know what you're saying,
but they don't. They think you're
complaining about prayer. I'm not
complaining about prayer. I had a rough
day yesterday.
Megan had a hard day, but
count it all joy.
Count it all joy.
I think when this is real to me
and when I have days like
that and you go, "My God, where
are you at, Lord?"and I say, "I'm
not going to complain. I'm not going to
complain about how bad the day was."Oh
God, you're faithful.
You're able
to do what you said you'd do.
No matter what the circumstances,
no matter how bad of a day you have, my
God is able.
And you either stand on it and you
either believe it or you don't. But
I'm one that practices what I
preach,
even whenever it doesn't look like it's
all happening like you think it should.
22 years.
And most people say, "Well, you must
not have enough faith for it."I've
heard that.
Maybe I don't.
But Father, I believe. Help my unbelief.
If my faith's not there,
I question it. I say, "Father, help
my unbelief.
If there's a seed of doubt in my heart,
pluck it out."Do
you understand?
So, you have to grab a hold
of it and even believe it when
the doctors say this will always be the
status quo.
And maybe you've had a death; your
child died. Or maybe you said, "Well,
Brandon, at least you have something
to believe for; my kid died."Everybody
has something.
Everybody has a story. Everybody has
something.
But as long as the earth remains, as
long as I have air in my lungs, I'm
going to keep saying it out of my mouth
that Jesus Christ is healer. He said to
me, "My word,
I don't need Megan's manifestation to
validate my word. My word validates
itself. Your life does not validate my
word, Brandon. My word is
a pillar.
It doesn't return unto Him void."Do
you understand?
He will not alter the words that come
out of His mouth. He will not alter the
covenant. And I believe that Jesus
Christ is a healer. So you can
believe it or not, but that's where I'm
at. But I'm just trying to help you in
your circumstance. You may have
it with your wife, your husband, or
your finances.
God can turn it around.
So let's pray and take
communion now.
Father, I thank you, Lord,
for your holy written word.
I thank you, Father, that it's alive on
the inside of me. I thank you that it's
alive on the inside of them and there's
an expiration date to what we've been
believing for. I thank you, Lord, that
by your stripes, we're healed.
I thank you, Father, that you are my
Father and we imitate you. We imitate
you, Father,
as children imitate their father.
We're looking right at you,
God. And I'm saying, I want to be just
like you.
And I thank
you, Father, that your son died for
me, that I can be by your precious
blood. Father, tonight I take this body
in the name of Jesus. And we thank you,
Lord, for your healing power that flows
on the inside of us.
And we give you all the glory,
honor, and praise for it in the name of
Jesus. Lord, we take the blood. We thank
you, Lord. We make much of the blood,
and the blood makes much of us. We thank
you, Lord, that it never loses its
power.
Father, I apply the blood. And if
there's anything you want to show us
tonight, we thank you, Lord,
uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic force. We apply the
blood of Jesus.
And Father, we thank you, Lord, that
we are covered.
And Father, we make much of that blood.
And I thank you, Lord,
over the eyes of the spirit. Father, I
see uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic force. I
believe it. And I only see what you want
me to see, if anything at all. And I
hear your voice, and a stranger's voice I
will not follow. And we take the blood
right now in Jesus'name.
Do you believe it?
You got to
flip the switch. I'm not moved
by what I see. I'm not moved by what I
feel. I'm moved by what the word says.
All
right. How many are here?
6,500.
Well, to all 6,500 of you, let's pray.
Do you want to pray with me? Let's see
what the Lord has for us tonight in
this.
That's a good number. We can get
a lot done with 6,500 people. That's a
good auditorium full. Father, we're
just so grateful for every single person
who would spend their time praying. And
Father, we thank you, Lord, that
as we join our arms together as one
body,
as one voice with one sound,
we're expecting results tonight.
Have your own way, Lord.
Have your own way.
You are the potter.
We are the clay.
Mold me and make me
after thy will.
While I am waiting,
yielded and still.
Have your own way, Lord.
Have your own way.
Search me and try me,
Savior today.
Wash me just now, Lord.
Wash me just now.
As in thy presence,
humbly I bow.
Have thy own way,
Lord.
Have thy own way.
Search me and try me,
Savior today.
Wash me just now, Lord.
Wash me just now.
As in thy presence,
humbly I bow.
Oh, I love that, Lord.
Sing it.
Have thy own way, Lord.
Have thy own way.
Thou art the potter.
We are the clay. Mold
me and make
me
after thy will.
While I am waiting,
yielded and still.
Have thy own way, Lord.
Have thy own way.
You are the potter.
We are the clay.
Mold me and make
me
after thy will.
While I am waiting, yielded
and still.
Oh Lord,
you're beautiful.
Your face
is all I
seek.
And when
your eyes
are on
this
child,
your grace
abounds
to me.
Oh Lord. Lord,
you're beautiful.
Your face
is all
I
seek.
And when
your eyes
are on
this
child,
your grace
abounds
to me.
Oh Lord,
you're beautiful.
Your face
is all
I
seek.
And when
your eyes
are on
this
child,
your grace
abounds
to me.
Oh Lord, please light
the fire.
Oh Lord,
please light
the fire
that once burned bright and clear.
Replace
the lamp
of my first love
that burns
with holy
fear.
Singing that one again. Oh Lord,
please light
the fire.
Oh Lord, please light the fire
that once
burned bright
and
clear.
Replace
the lamp
of my first
love
that burns
with holy
fear.
Oh Lord,
please light
the fire
that once burned
bright
and clear.
That once burned bright and clear.
Replace
the lamp
of my first love
that burns
with holy
fear.
The presence of the Lord is here.
Oh Lord,
you're beautiful.
Your face
is all
I
seek.
For when
your eyes
are on
this
child,
your grace
abounds
to me.
Oh Lord,
you're beautiful.
Your face
is all
I
seek.
For when
your eyes
are on
this child,
your grace
abounds
to me. Fill
my cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench
this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of heaven,
feed me till I want
no more.
Fill my cup.
Fill it up and make me whole.
Fill my cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench
this thirsting
of my soul.
Bread of heaven,
feed me till I want
no more.
Fill my cup,
fill it up, and make me whole. Oh,
one more time. I see it.
I see the clock.
I see a major grandfather clock.
Fill my cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench
this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of heaven,
feed me till I want
no more.
Fill my cup.
Fill it up and make me whole.
He keeps saying it's time.
It's time. It's time. I see the clock.
But behind the clock, there's this
beautiful light
and I see a massive grandfather clock
with the time set and
it's chiming.
It's chiming.
Fill my cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench
this thirsting of our soul.
Old tent revivals are coming back,
but in theaters,
and they'll be known as glory events.
Glory events.
Not just sporting events, glory events.
For one last push, one last call, one
last harvest, one last major revival
in glory events.
Glory events.
For the time is setting on this
dispensation of grace.
The end of the race, the tribulation.
Watch. I see it, and I see that clock is
striking.
Come on now. Come unto me,
and I'll wash you white as snow.
He said, "Come unto me, and I'll wash you
white as snow."He's
calling y'all. All you
sinners, come home.
Come home.
You
who are weary,
come home.
Softly,
tenderly,
Jesus
is calling.
All you lost sinners,
come home.
Come home.
You who are weary,
come home.
Earnestly,
tenderly,
Jesus
is calling.
Oh, sinners,
come home.
It's the clock.
Okay, now I see something new about
Trump.
Do you want me to say all that,
baby?
Yes. So many, so many.
I
need
to go deeper in this well today.
I need to go down deeper in this well
today.
Oh, Father,
have Your way.
You are the potter.
We jump down in that river.
I see it; it's right there. I'm on the
edge of it and I see it.
Tomorrow,
He's telling me
He's dealing with
today.
Of my friend David.
It looked like the seeds
had become dormant. The seeds that had become dormant... and I see the fields,
and they're full of
seeds.
They're full of seeds,
but they just need a little water on
them. There are
fields full of plowed
fields full of seeds,
and it looks like they have
become dormant from
drought.
But a cleansing of the church—I see a
cleansing of His church, the bride to
come to His side. I see the harvesting
equipment
coming to the bride. The anointing of
the Holy Ghost on another level, but
finances to get the job done. And those
seeds that have been sowed in the past
will come to harvest at last.
I see those dormant seeds—the seeds that
have become dormant in the dry ground. And I
hear the sound of an abundance of rain,
for cleansing of the church is taking
place right now. And a greater
manifestation
will be seen upon the news and in
social media regarding the cleansing of the
church
going into the month of October and going
into November—an acceleration of things
going from here on out. You'll see it
from this month period,
from July, the seventh month,
going into the first of the year—a
cleansing of the church, the finishing
of the refiner's fire,
the
cleansing of the church.
But I see those dormant seeds, the
seeds that remain in the dirt. They just
need water.
I see fields full of seeds where
the dirt's just plowed up,
and I'm seeing the seeds. I see tire
tracks from the tractors
and the tire tracks from the big back
wheels on the
tractor. They left an indentation in the
dirt. And I see the seeds down in there
in the rows that you can see from
the tractor, from the plows.
You know, as the tractor goes
back over it, the field's all
plowed up and it's ahead of it. But for
whatever reason, I see tractor
tracks over the plowed ground.
So that's not normal because the
plow is being dragged by the tractor. So
why would there be tractor tracks? Because
usually after it is... when I remember my
family, they tilled the fields; there were
no tractor tracks like that. But I
could see tractor marks in the
field as the seeds were trying to
come up through the tracks, the
drought.
That's interesting
because that wouldn't represent
something good, would it?
Because that's not the way a farmer does
it. They don't leave marks in the dirt
because it's dragging the plows,
the disc.
"What was that, Lord? You're showing me."Yep,
He's setting things straight.
He's setting things straight in this
church.
Some things that have been off.
Some things that have been wrong.
"I'm setting some things straight.
Things that have been off, I'm making them
right.
Things that have been dysfunctional—it
shows dysfunction. It's not right;
it's not the way it's supposed to be.
I'm making it right. I'm making it right."And
you'll see an acceleration of
it even
over the next
three months:
July, August, September. So
I see October.
He's talking about it because this month's
almost halfway over. So,
July to August, August to September,
September to October. Yeah.
And I see the tractors.
I see the harvesters.
I see the tractors in the month of
October.
We call the Save America Act to go into
effect. We call
in the Clarity Act in the name of
Jesus.
We call in the Save America Act in the name
of Jesus.
We thank You, Lord.
Amen.
We thank You, Lord. We thank You, Lord,
that You're cleansing the bride to
bring her to Your side. Father, I thank
You, Lord, that You keep President Trump
safe. We pray that
he takes no ungodly counsel from any
of them. Father, that he'll have great
discernment on how he handles the
rest of his presidency. Father, I thank
You, Lord; there's a divine protection
over him, over his wife, over his
children. Father, I pray over Don Jr.,
over Eric, over Tiffany, over Barron, and
over Ivanka. We pray over every single
one of them that they're always in the
right place at the right time. No weapon
formed against them shall prosper.
I thank You, Lord, that every plot, every
plan, every pursuit across this land
to kill, steal, and destroy over
pastors, teachers, evangelists, and over
our nation too—over other nations,
Father. I believe, Father, over
every plan, over every plot, over every
demonic ploy to try to kill, steal, and
destroy. Father, I thank You, Lord, that
it's brought to naught in the name of
Jesus.
I see a major earthquake again when I
said that.
I see Portland, Oregon shaking.
I see a
major earthquake coming.
Signs in the heavens,
signs in the earth. Signs in the
water.
It's like a film trying to
cover it;
it's down deep in the water. But this is
interesting because I see
algae growing on it.
Something with the water,
something with the water. And I see
algae,
a very green algae,
and unusual temperatures,
unusual warmth in the algae
growth in this water. It looks like
slimy, nasty water,
but it's warm. And they're
testing the water temperatures and
they're saying it's hot; it's warm
water.
It's making the water turn
warm from the earth,
from volcanic lava—you
know, when the
fault is
splitting, it's
letting gases up. It's making the water
in the fresh water—I'm
not talking about salt. I'm talking
about something going on with
the temperature rising in a natural
spring.
The water's hot, it's almost
boiling, but it's causing
some
kind of algae. It's not boiling, but
it's warm, so it's becoming
putrid. It's some
kind of something happening with the
water
in little pools of water. And I
see
these springs are getting warm.
It's a sign.
They're monitoring the
temperature of this stuff and they're
saying, "This is unusual. What's
happening? What's going on with this?"Unusual
water temperatures.
They say it's global warming,
but it's from the depth; it's
something with the earth,
like volcanic activity.
And it's killing the fish. I see
dead fish now. The
fish are coming up from the
deep,
and it's making these freshwater
fish die.
It's like a lake,
and the water is getting too warm in the
lake. That's what it is. The Lord said
it is a lake. That's exactly it—this is a
lake.
He said the lake is getting too warm;
it's blue algae.
The lake is getting too
warm from the depth, and the fish are
dying. I see scale fish like bass
and other fish coming up from the
lake,
and the water is getting too warm.
Unusual warm water, like a natural spring or
a hot spring. The
water is getting too hot and it's
causing
greater green algae.
It's nasty.
But this is a sign of major
shifting in the plates. The Lord said it's
shifting in the plates.
A major earthquake is coming,
and
in Portland,
Oregon.
The water is getting warm;
the water is becoming warm. That's the
Lord; I hear this. It's going into
Seattle and Washington State.
It's getting warm.
They say this is global warming there.
No, there's something else;
this is the earth volcanic. It's
warm.
And I see British Columbia, Seattle,
and Japan
will shake.
Lord, You talk about this
quite often, but I've never seen the
water get warm like that. This is
the first time You've shown me the water.
They're testing it and they're saying
it's thermal. "We've got to check this."And
I see 85 degrees.
That's pretty hot, huh?
85 degrees Fahrenheit. Like 85-degree
water in a lake. Is that unusual?
I see them keep talking about it, and
they say it's rising. Now it's at 87
and the lake is
turning to 87. I see the temperature
rising, and now I see 92
degrees; it's going up.
They'll talk about it; I see them
measuring it. And the fish are dying
and they stink.
It stopped at 92; I don't see it going
above 92.
This is a body of water.
There
are
houses built around this; there are
people that have built lake
houses around this.
Remember,
you'll see it on the news.
You're going to hear about it on the
news.
"You'll hear about it on the news,"that's
what I heard the Lord say.
And the
wildlife will leave. You'll see
unusual behavior in the wildlife,
like
deer and things like that. You're going to
see them moving and people will
be like, "Where did they all go? Where did
all the animals
go?"Because
they know;
I put it in them to know.
"Where did the animals go? They're
acting so
weird."People
will say,
"You're going to
know. The animals know. They
know when to go."He said the animals
know when to go;
it's what's inside of them.
Things are different;
even the birds act
different.
This will happen in Japan, too.
I see Japan.
The Lord said this will
happen in Japan also.
Great
pressure on. Remember I talked
about the earth making noises in the
deep? Deep calls unto deep;
you're going to hear that. These are the
noises; this is what's going on in the
earth's crust.
In the earth's crust,
it's the plates. They're
shifting in the Ring of Fire;
things are shifting.
Underwater volcanoes are going to go
off. Major shifting in the earth's
crust.
Record-breaking earthquakes are
coming.
But you'll be protected. You've got to
claim Psalm 91. It's not going to hurt
you in your house.
"It's not going to
hurt me."We're going to be in the right
place at the right time. Protection is
over me, my family, my wife, my children, all
of us. We're going to be in the right
place at the right time.
We're always protected by the blood.
I see a splitting of the land and I see
a great gorge
like a gorge, you know,
like you see all the
way down
when the earth splits and it's a
crack.
Kind of like that movie San Andreas,
huh?
When the earth moves like that and you
can see way down.
Unusual events are coming. I hear it three times:
unusual
events are coming. It's a
shaking to awaken.
This is
clear down into Salt Lake.
Unusual events are coming.
Don't fear.
The earth will be warm
and it makes the snow melt. You'll
say, "Why is the earth so
warm?"The
snow's just not sticking;
it just keeps melting because
the earth is warm. It's because of
the magma,
the lava, the stuff from the
bottom coming up.
The shifting of the plates.
That's also interesting.
Unusual patterns in the animals.
We thank You, Lord. We praise You, Lord
Jesus. We thank You
that You protect every one of us.
Father, I
thank You for the signs of the times and
the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
Earthquakes in divers places.
Earthquakes,
fearful sights you will see that will
bring you to your
knees.
An acceleration of things.
What is going on in the Gulf?
I see a major storm in the Gulf.
We thank You, Lord, for the
people in South
Korea, for the pastors there. Stir in
them. Give them boldness.
I thank You, Lord, that
they rise up with a backbone like a
crowbar. They are not afraid.
Father, I thank You that You give
them boldness in South Korea
to stand for what is right.
We pray
against this communistic spirit in the
name of Jesus. We say, "Satan, you will
not have South Korea. You will not have
a communistic spirit come over them."We
take authority over this Democratic
Party over South Korea, and the
persecution stops now in Jesus'name.
Cease and desist in your maneuvering
against the Body.
The Lord said it
gets you out of
complacency;
it's to wake the church up.
Much of it has gone asleep. And so He
said it's to get you out of
complacency.
Wake up! The same thing is coming
to America. If they don't wake up,
people have to wake up. Socialistic
control over your media.
I'm warning
you: wake up. They are trying to have a socialistic
control over your social
media.
Wake up!
In Canada, in Europe, a socialistic
control is trying to come. Praying
over these years that we have with
Trump.
This is just a season.
Pray.
Wake up out of your slumber, church.
Some things happen to wake you up.
We thank You, Lord, that the church in
South Korea is waking up.
Thank You, Lord, that You give them
backbone. For the
greater the persecution, the greater
the refining fire.
The
anointing triples. The anointing
increases
to lay hands on the sick. They see the
anointing like they've never seen it
before, with signs and wonders following
them that believe.
The church in South
Korea, Japan, Taiwan, and
America is waking up.
Natural events and
man-made. We
are
about to see things we've never seen
before.
We are about to see things we've never
seen before.
I thank You, Lord, that the church in
South Korea is waking up, that they
don't lose any more territory,
that they'll wake up and see.
And we come against the spirit of
Communism;
we come against this dictatorship
trying to come over South Korea. You
will not take South Korea in the name of
Jesus. The spirit that is on North Korea
will not come on South Korea; you'll not
do it.
We thank You, Lord, that the angels of the
Lord are camping around
the border and we push it out over
the water, that it will not even touch North
Korea. And Father, there'll be a
great revival, for we're not losing
ground, we're gaining ground. We're not
in retreat mode; we're in
'take the land'mode.
The church of South Korea is rising up
and taking the land.
Who is this uncircumcised Philistine
that tries to defy the armies of the
living God? We take the land in the name
of Jesus in North Korea, in Taiwan, and in
China. And we thank You, Lord, that we
arise and shine, for the light has come
and the glory of the Lord
is risen on us. We're just getting
saltier.
Father, I thank You, Lord.
We're not complacent anymore;
they stopped being complacent.
The Lord said this happened because of complacency—not
with every one of them,
but for the majority—and
people become complacent.
He said it's happened in America—people
become complacent. It
happens in Europe; they become
complacent. And as you become
complacent, the devil tries to get a
hold of you and the land to try to bring
communistic spirits and socialistic spirits
over your land, to try to quench and
silence the freedom of
religion, freedom of speech, and the freedom
to say what I tell you to say. If he can
silence you with your mouth—your tongue
is powerful.
This is the image of God; His
mouth and His words are powerful. They want
to silence you. And the moment they
silence the
words,
the enemy tries to silence you.
Freedom of speech, freedom of what you're
saying. You can't say what the word says;
you
can't preach the truth.
It's trying to
build that demonic stronghold up over
New York. And we thank You, Lord, that
You're breaking down the walls of Mamdani.
He will not have New York
anymore. We call a shaking over New York
in Jesus'name,
a shaking over New Jersey, a shaking
over New York.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that the
blood-bought church, the redeemed, is
rising up and has a backbone that
says, 'Enough's enough.'They are
praying, believing
believers.
And You, Father, I thank You, Lord, for
signs in the heavens, signs in the
earth, signs in the local church—shakings
to awaken. Father, I thank You,
Lord, that the new Davids, the new Esthers,
the new warriors, the
Joshuas,
and
the Moses of this generation are rising
up,
saying, 'As for me and my house,
we will serve the Lord. As for me and my
house, we'll not have it this way.'We
thank You, Lord, that we're rising up,
and they're getting a stirring up on the
inside of them; they have new fire shut
up in their bones, Holy Ghost fire
in the youth of this generation. We
thank You, Lord, that You're stirring up and bringing them out of their complacency. They're shaking the generation. God, we thank You, Lord. Oh Lord, we thank You that
You're stirring up
the new,
turning on the light in the darkness
where there's been compromise and sin.
We expose sin before it
embarrasses us. But we arise
and shine and get up out of our
complacency.
Thank You, Father. Thank You, Lord.
That's what we're going to see: a major
revival that will bring people to their
knees and they'll repent and turn from
their wicked ways.
We believe it,
and
it's going to happen sooner than
later. We call for the
Clarity Act. When they had the meeting today—it
was
supposed to—it
didn't go too well, did it? Because
we didn't hear about it.
Well, we're not moved by what
we see. We call that Clarity Act passed.
We call the funding of the church
passed. We call all the things that we
need done. Father, I thank You, Lord,
that You're cleaning up the church.
We're getting
the bride ready. I thank You,
Father.
We thank You, Lord,
that You're
stirring in Australia. Father, I thank
You that You're not done with
Australia. We call Australia to have a
major move of God,
a
fire shut up in their bones. Father,
You're bringing forth new churches.
I call forth new churches over Australia
right now in the name of Jesus. We call
forth new Holy Ghost and
fire churches over Australia,
a new move of God
from coast to coast.
A major stirring in the Philippines,
America, and New Zealand.
They say, 'Well,
we're way down here; nobody seems to
even think about us.'Oh, we do. We're
calling revival into these areas; we
call forth a major stirring out of the
complacency.
We put a demand
on the church in Australia.
Stir in them, Lord.
Bring a fire shut up in their
bones. Bring a Reinhard Bonnke of
that generation, a
revivalist.
Did you hear that?
I was listening to you.
Did you hear that? The
whistle—that
was pretty wild.
You didn't hear anything in the natural?
No.
That was audible.
We call
a
stirring in Australia in the name of
Jesus. Fire! The fire of the Holy Ghost!
A revivalist is
going to be set ablaze. A revivalist is
going to be set ablaze upon America. In the name of Jesus, we call revivalists—Holy Ghost-filled
revivalists
over Europe. We call for revivalists
in the name of Jesus to rise
up as harvesters
all over
Australia. We call forth more than one;
we call
for
a stirring over Australia today,
a fire
shut up in their bones.
We thank You, Lord, that You stir them
out of their complacency
and
out of their slumber.
Wake up, oh church,
in the name of Jesus. We call
for
revivalists.
Thank You, Father.
There's no one too far gone that God
can't reach them. You
say, 'Well, they're just so cold.'No,
the drier the wood,
the faster it's going to
burn, right? It's not wet wood.
We're going to believe it's dry and
it's
going to catch on fire quick.
They're just needing
a fresh touch from Jesus.
All over Africa, all over the Middle
East, all over
South America, and over the
islands, thank You, Lord, for Holy Ghost
and revival.
That's exciting, isn't it?
Like new Reinhard Bonnkes and
Billy Grahams.
Hallelujah.
Thank You,
Jesus.
Well, praise the Lord.
I just want to tell y'all, thank you
for joining us tonight.
We prayed, and I felt a
good push on that one. Father, we consider
it done. And we
thank You
for
revival in our youth. You're stirring
them up, Lord, in Collinsville,
in Tulsa, and
in Los Angeles.
You're going to stir them up, Father,
in Chicago, Father. New York, Miami, all
these major cities. Father, Atlanta, major
revival. Lord,
Portland, San Francisco, God, we thank
You, Lord. Seattle, Denver.
Lord, we keep calling out every city of
this nation, Father, but they're all
over Queensland, Queensland,
Toronto, Father, we thank you, Lord.
Paris and England, Germany, Berlin.
Father, we thank you, Lord. Thank you,
Jesus,
for a major move of God. Father, we
thank you, Father, that
it starts with us. Revival starts
with us and we become that bright
burning bush in the middle of the
darkness. And people see it and they
come to see. It's like William Seymour said,
'Dip me in the kerosene of
Thy spirit. Set my heart ablaze that I
may burn for you, Lord.'Father, I thank
You, Lord, that we're dipped in that
kerosene of thy spirit.
Thank you, Lord, that we are on fire for
You and we're stirred up from the
ground up in the name of Jesus. That
we're no longer complacent. We don't
lose any more of our freedoms and our
religious freedoms, but we take our
rightful place seated with you, Father.
And we know, Father, that we are not
allowing the devil to take any more
land. But we say, thus far and no
further, we're having revival in the
name of Jesus
and repentance.
Father, I thank you, Lord. We're not
moved by what we see. We're not moved by
what we feel. We're moved by what the
Word says.
Stir in us, oh God.
All over Vietnam, all over these areas.
Father, we call revival in Jesus'name.
Shake the nations, God.
Amen and amen. Well, praise the Lord.
Thank you for being here tonight. I
really truly appreciate it. We'll pray
again tomorrow and we'll keep praying
and we'll see where the
Holy Spirit leads us. I pray you're
getting something out of this that when
you come you're getting refreshed and
you walk away with your head held high
knowing that God has his hand on you and
that you've been called for such a time
as this. You've been called to the
Kingdom like Esther for such a time as
this. You're not a mistake. God has his
hand on you and God has a purpose for
your life. And he's saying, 'Will you
help me bring in the harvest?'And I
believe that God's assembled some of the
greatest prayer warriors of this
generation on this channel right now
for such a time as this to pray for the
nations to see things change. And we
believe that prayer does change things
and it's the foundation of every
Christian's life. We're so thankful for
every single one of you. And we believe
that you're here by divine appointment,
not just by—well, you know, we just—I
had nothing else to do. No, you have—you
add your supply
that you're bringing, your supply of
prayer. You say, 'Well, I don't know how
to pray like this or that.'No,
you brought your supply and God
will
increase your supply. Thank God for you.
Everybody has a voice
and I'm so thankful that yours is heard
today. Even on the other side of
this camera, I believe as you pray with
me, we're seeing things
change by faith. We're seeing your lives
change.
We're believing believers. We're not
doubters. We're overcomers and we have a
divine future, an expected hope, an
expected end, all these great things
ahead of us. Jesus loves us and so I'm
thankful that you're here today. If you
could do me a favor, like, subscribe,
click the notification bell, be a part
of our YouTube channel. If you haven't
subscribed yet, if you haven't taken the
time just to say thanks, like it. Do it.
Do it. It doesn't take much. Just click. It's
free. It doesn't cost you anything.
All you have to do
is subscribe. It doesn't cost you anything
just to help me out. That's all
I ask of you. I never ask you for a dime. I
don't ask you for anything other than to
like, subscribe, click the notification
bell. Help us. We're believing for a
million men and women prayer army.
I told Diana I'm determined we're
going to see over 700,000 this year for
sure. We're at 620,000, I think.
So, we're almost there. We're getting
closer and closer, but I'm believing
there'll be an
acceleration in the name of
Jesus. All for his glory. And we'll
reach a million people in the name of
Jesus. All for him.
619,700.
Yeah.
We're getting close. Almost 620,000. That's
pretty neat. And so then 621,000
all the way up to 700,000
seems a long ways off, but it isn't.
It'll be here before we know it. We'll
look back and say, 'Wow,'because I like
the number seven better than six.
We're
300 away. Let's see if we can
reach 620,000 tonight in the
name of
Jesus. I bet we
could. There's a lot of you who haven't
subscribed out of the 6,900 and
you'd be surprised. Then
click the notification bell and be back
with us and pray with us again. We're
trying to get over 10,000 people on a
live stream consecutively every single time. And
so we tried to do mornings for a little
bit and people are at work, and so
then we were
hitting 5,000 and now we're hitting
7,000 again. And so that's wonderful. So
we're believing for 10,000 every night consecutively. When
we hit 10,000, we'll
be believing for 20,000. But I think if
everybody showed up one time, YouTube
really would hate that.
They'd be like, 'Oh no, there's 20,000
people praying at once. Get over it.'But
Jesus is coming. It's exciting. So
we love you. Remember, put a smile on
your face. Did we pray over Trump?
Yeah. Yeah.
We got to make sure we cover him in the
Blood in Jesus'name. Trump's covered, and
he and JD Vance, and Father I thank you
Lord for Marco Rubio, all of them. Thank
you, Lord, that we liberate Cuba. Its day of
liberation is coming and we thank you,
Lord, for a major revival even in Cuba.
And they don't use their drones to try
to do anything crazy. They fall out of
the sky in the name of Jesus. Do you
believe that? We're not going to let
them use their drones either. So many
things to pray over.
Well, we'll be back again
tomorrow. Friday, then Saturday,
Sunday and pray over the weekend. I
like to pray on the weekends because
there's a lot of you that are off and
you like to pray on the weekends. So, I
pray on the weekends with you. I
like the weekends almost better than I
do the weekdays because there are so many
people that are able to pray during the
weekend because they can sleep in
and go do whatever. So, God bless you.
Thank you for being here. We'll be back
again. I'm honored that you would spend
the time with me to pray. Thank you.
Thank you for praying with us. It's
wonderful. So, God bless y'all. We'll
see you again. Put a smile on your face,
a song in your heart. Jesus loves you
and we love you. God bless y'all. Good
night.